is your gluten or grain free lifestyle
totally missing pizza then you need this
pepperoni meatza
in your life seasoned beef creates a
savory crust to hold tons of gooey
cheese and meaty pepperoni in place
first let's preheat the oven to 450
degrees Fahrenheit then let's get
started on the meat crust stir together
1 tablespoon of salt and 1 teaspoon of
the following caraway seeds if you wish
dried oregano garlic salt ground black
pepper and red pepper flakes if you
prefer in a separate bowl mix 2 pounds
of extra lean ground beef with 2 eggs
add in 1/2 cup of grated Parmesan cheese
along with the seasoning mixture and mix
to combine
press the meat crust into a 12 by 17
inch pan spreading out evenly to about
1/3 inch thickness bake in the preheated
oven until the meat is no longer pink
and cooked through about 10 minutes
drain off any grease now set the oven
rack about 6 inches from the heat source
and turn on the ovens broiler sprinkle
about 4 ounces of shredded mozzarella
cheese over the crust
then spread one cup of tomato sauce over
the cheese sprinkle another four ounces
of shredded mozzarella cheese
add three and a half ounces of sliced
pepperoni and the remaining four ounces
of shredded mozzarella cheese Royall
until the cheese is melted bubbling and
lightly browned
three to five minutes Wow this is a true
meat lovers treat without any guilt from
wheat